# # CardTransitionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**card_token** | **string** | Identifies the card whose state will transition. |
**channel** | **string** | The mechanism by which the transition was initiated.  * *ADMIN* - Indicates that the card transition was initiated through the Marqeta Dashboard. * *API* - Indicates that the card transition was initiated by you through the Core API. Use this value when creating a card transition with an API &#x60;POST&#x60; request. * *FRAUD* - Indicates that either Marqeta or the card network has determined that the card is fraudulent. * *IVR* - Indicates that the card transition was initiated through your Interactive Voice Response system. * *SYSTEM* - Indicates that the card transition was initiated by Marqeta. For example, Marqeta suspended the card due to excessive failed personal identification number (PIN) entries. |
**reason** | **string** | Additional information about the state change. | [optional]
**reason_code** | **string** | Standard code describing the reason for the transition.  *NOTE:* This field is required if your program uses v2 of the &#x60;user_card_state_version&#x60;, which is a program-specific configuration value that is managed by Marqeta and cannot be accessed via the API. To learn more about the &#x60;user_card_state_version&#x60; program configuration, contact your Marqeta representative.  * *00:* Object activated for the first time * *01:* Requested by you * *02:* Inactivity over time * *03:* This address cannot accept mail or the addressee is unknown * *04:* Negative account balance * *05:* Account under review * *06:* Suspicious activity was identified * *07:* Activity outside the program parameters was identified * *08:* Confirmed fraud was identified * *09:* Matched with an Office of Foreign Assets Control list * *10:* Card was reported lost * *11:* Card information was cloned * *12:* Account or card information was compromised * *13:* Temporary status change while on hold/leave * *14:* Initiated by Marqeta * *15:* Initiated by issuer * *16:* Card expired * *17:* Failed KYC * *18:* Changed to &#x60;ACTIVE&#x60; because information was properly validated * *19:* Changed to &#x60;ACTIVE&#x60; because account activity was properly validated * *20:* Change occurred prior to the normalization of reason codes * *21:* Initiated by a third party, often a digital wallet provider * *22:* PIN retry limit reached * *23:* Card was reported stolen * *24:* Address issue * *25:* Name issue * *26:* SSN issue * *27:* DOB issue * *28:* Email issue * *29:* Phone issue * *30:* Account/fulfillment mismatch * *31:* Other reason | [optional]
**state** | **string** | Specifies the new state. | [readonly]
**sync_state_with_dwts** | **bool** | Set this field to &#x60;true&#x60; to synchronize the state of the card&#39;s associated token(s) with the card&#39;s new state. The digital wallet tokens must be in a valid starting state for the given transition, which will reflect the card&#39;s state transition. For example, if the card is transitioning from the &#x60;ACTIVE&#x60; state to the &#x60;SUSPENDED&#x60; state, only digital wallet tokens in the &#x60;ACTIVE&#x60; state will be synchronized with the card state transition and therefore be transitioned to the &#x60;SUSPENDED&#x60; state.  Leave this field blank or set it to &#x60;false&#x60; to keep the states of the card and its digital wallet tokens independent. | [optional] [readonly]
**token** | **string** | Unique identifier of the card transition.  If you do not include a token, the system will generate one automatically. This token is referenced in other API calls, so we recommend that you define a simple string that is easy to remember. This value cannot be updated. | [optional]
**validations** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ValidationsRequest**](ValidationsRequest.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
